trapped with Innocent Souls inside of us
the words of a seven-month pregnant
woman in Gaza describing her experience
of being caught in Israel's unrelenting
assault there are 50,000 more women like
her and 5,500 of them are expected to
give birth this
month they ask me if there's capacity in
the hospital for them but I have to say
no we're overcrowded because Israel
keeps attacking Hospital
hospitals in Gaza are already on the
brink of collapse as fuel and medical
supplies run out forcing some women to
have C-section deliveries in the dark
and without
anesthesia those are the women able to
give
birth cases of miscarriages have tripled
lots of injured women admitted in our
Hospital have cases of placental
abruption premature delivery has
increased by a huge
percentage with due dates rapidly
approaching and no sign of Israel's war
on Gaza easing thousands of pregnant
mothers are preparing to give birth in a
war
zone uncertain of what the future holds
and lacking basic health
care Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer